“Leap Year Quiz” in Python

Requirements

The following are the details on what your script is expected to include/address:
1. Start by asking the user to enter her/his name.
2. Next, display the introductory message, as per the screen capture.
a. Make sure that no matter what letter case user used when typing his/her name,
that in the message it shows with the first letter capitalized and the rest of the
letters in lower case.
3. Ask the user to enter the number of questions he/she would like for the quiz to have.
4. Based on the answer user provided in step 3, randomly generate the same number of
4-digit integer numbers, in the range 1900 to 2020. The generated numbers will
represent different years.
For each of the years generated:
a. Have the program calculate whether or not the year in question is a leap year.
See Determining a leap year section below for information on how to
mathematically determine a leap year.
b. Prompt the user to provide his/her answer (using True or False) to the question
of whether or not the year is a leap year.
c. Check if the answer from the user is correct, by comparing it with the answer
generated by your code.
i. Note: when comparing user’ and the answer from your program it should
not make any difference how the user typed his/her answer; ie. True,
TRUE, true, etc. should all be considered as the same and valid answer.
d. If the answer is correct, update a running total of correct answers in your code,
so that once the quiz is completed you will have the user’s score (number of
correctly answered questions).
e. Display a short message to the user, indicating whether the answer is correct or
not.
6. Once the user has had a chance to answer all the questions, display a final message on
the screen, informing the user that he/she has completed the quiz, and include his/her
score in it as well – as per the screen capture below.
a. Make sure to use string format() method when building and displaying this
message.
7. When you run your program, the output should match the output shown in the screen
capture below, both logically and formatting wise. Note: pay attention to details. For
example, the “Leap Year” Quiz text in the welcome message should display in double
quotes, etc.
8. When doing a walk-thru of your code in a video presentation make sure that you
explain what individual code lines/sections are accomplishing.
For instance, it is not sufficient to say only “this is a variable”, “this is a loop” or “this is
an if statement”. Instead, explain what the variable is used for in the program, and
what the loop and the if statement each accomplish, logically, and how.
